I'm sick of sleeping with these insipid
Manhattan debutantes nothing shocks them
anymore but you can relax I have a
mission for you where I plan to wait
that Annette Hargrove paradigm of
chastity in virtue introduce her to your
world of sex drugs and what else do you
do she's young septal she'll be my
greatest victory you don't stand a
chance care to make a wager on that if I
win then that hot little car of yours
mine and if I win I'll give you
something you've been obsessing about
ever since our parents got married happy
hunting Sebastian ciao do you think you
could arrange a little get-together hmm
don't think this isn't gonna cost you
god you're beautiful both pako for no
man has gone people should experience
the act of love until they are in love
mind if I take my new car all right I
can't win with you it's not about
winning Sebastian what you stop it's
okay you can laugh
she's really getting new isn't she I'm
completely infatuated with them we're
destroying an innocent girl you do
realize that
you're just toys Sebastian
come to go let me know when you do
I thought we were just gonna be friends
she for real stop it in the game of
seduction there is only one rule why
can't we be together because I don't
trust myself with you never fall in love
are you in or are you out quite the
predicament Aaron rule intentions